We agreed to keep your identity hidden to win over Chris, but he's engaged now Hermione. That means your search for love has failed
It's over. Come home. Raise your child and leave him behind. I really do this alone
Hey, stop right there
Miss Brown. Oh, so you know who I am. I've yeah, I've seen on the news
Good, so then you know I'm about to be Mrs. Evans
So you're working closest with him. Here's your warning
Stop parading around in skirts like that or you'll be fired fired
You don't have the power to do that
Not yet. Anyway, you're still just a fiance. Let me see. Let's not get out of ourselves. I know how you got this job
You think I don't know you're sleeping with him
So you want tips for your wedding night?
You bitch that's enough